# Natural Language Processing, Co-Occurance and Sentiment Analysis of App Store Reviews
<p align="justify">The mobile app as we know it is a little over 12 years old. There were 500 apps on the first iteration of Apple’s App Store in 2008. We’ve come a long way since then. The iOS App Store and Google Play offer users a combined 5 million apps and the number of downloads per year surpasses the 220 billion mark. Consumers averaged 3 hours and 40 minutes on mobile in 2019, up 35% since 2017—companies from every vertical are benefitting by making mobile the center of their digital transformation investments. Brands continue to embrace the unprecedented reach and value of mobile. Advertisers will pour more than $240 billion into ad spend in 2020—up 26% from 2019. This massive market that will only continue to grow as time and new technologies such as VR and AR become household obsessions also involves a massive community of customers who express their feelings for the apps they use. Venting about problems and frustration with the platform or expressing content about the ease of use. This project scrapes the Google Play and iOS App store before conducting a sentiment analysis on app reviews for 'Asos' using the VADER sentiment library. Sentiment and polarity are tracked over fiscal quarter to gain an appreciation of how users feel for the app throughout time and to appreciate rating and subjectivity changes for different app versions. A bigram model is used to investigate and plot the most probable co-occurrences for different reviews and the result is visualised using NetworkX. Finally, an analysis on Asos competitors is conducted to create to benchmark for app performance and customer sentiment in the fast-fashion industry.</p>
